# the-worlds-largest-NFT-marketing-company
WHAT EXACTLY IS AN NFT? WHAT DOES NFT REPRESENT?  Token that is not fungible.  That doesn't help things much.  Sorry for the inconvenience. "Non-fungible" basically indicates it's one-of-a-kind and can't be substituted with anything else. A bitcoin, for example, is fungible, meaning you can exchange one for another and get precisely the identical thing. A one-of-a-kind trade card, on the other hand, cannot be duplicated. You'd get something altogether different if you swapped it for a different card. You traded a Squirtle for a 1909 T206 Honus Wagner, dubbed "the Mona Lisa of baseball cards" by StadiumTalk. (I'll take them at their word.)  Most NFTs are, at a high level, part of the Ethereum blockchain. Ethereum, like bitcoin and dogecoin, is a cryptocurrency, but its blockchain also enables these NFTs, which store additional information that allows them to function differently from, say, an ETH coin. It's worth mentioning that various blockchains can use NFTs in their own ways. (Some have already done so.)  What should you buy in the NFT supermarket?  NFTs can be anything digital (drawings, music, even your brain being downloaded and transformed into an AI), but the current buzz is focused on exploiting the technology to sell digital art.  Do you mean people paying for my excellent tweets?  I don't believe anyone will be able to stop you, but that isn't what I meant. A lot of the discussion revolves around NFTs as a digital evolution of fine art collecting.  (As a side note, we were attempting to think of something so ridiculous that it wouldn't be a real thing when we came up with the sentence "purchasing my excellent tweets.") So, of course, shortly after we published the report, Twitter's founder sold one for slightly under $3 million.)  Do people truly believe this will become into a form of art collecting?  I'm sure some individuals sincerely hope so, like the one who paid nearly $390,000 for a 50-second Grimes video or the $6.6 million for a Beeple film. In fact, one of Beeple's works was auctioned at Christie's, the renowned auction house.  Sorry, I was too preoccupied in right-clicking on the Beeple video and downloading the identical material for which someone had spent millions of dollars.  What a jerk. But, yes, this is where things become a little weird. You can make as many copies of a digital file as you like, including the art that comes with an NFT.  NFTs, on the other hand, are designed to give you something you can't get anywhere else: ownership of the work (though the artist can still retain the copyright and reproduction rights, just like with physical artwork). To put it another way, anyone can buy a Monet print in terms of tangible art collecting. However, the original can only be owned by one person.  Without wishing to disparage Beeple, the video isn't quite a Monet.  What are your thoughts on the Gucci Ghost, which retails for $3,600? You also didn't allow me to finish earlier. Beeple's photograph was auctioned off at Christie's for $69 million, which is $15 million more than Monet's painting Nymphéas, which sold for $69 million in 2014.  For more information please visit NFT Boosts We are the worlds largest NFT marketing company, we have a reach of over 30 million people NFT Boosts is a one-of-a-kind news website dedicated only to the NFT, Blockchain, and Metaverse, hence promoting NFT awareness. If you're a marketer looking for new methods to reach out to NFT Boosts' influential audiences, this is the place to be.
